---
title: "Things I want to learn"
description: "Why I am starting this blog and how it will be my companion on my new learning projects"
layout: post
toc: false
comments: falseg
hide: false
search_exclude: true
categories: [blog, learning, learning-journey]
---
# Motivationn
I have a list of things i am curious and want to learn more about.
This blog will help me to organize theses thoughts and to create a footprint of my learning.
As a shareable resource that I can point to in the future.

#Things I want to to learn

This list should actually be called Things I want to do. As that would be the appropriate top down approach, instead of focusing bottom up (what to learn) first.


#Things I want to do

## Join a student team on an electrical role and succeed
- Develop and build an electric cars drivetrain
- Be a member that contributes significantly
- Learn practical basics of electrical engineering

## Leverage machine learning technology in my products
- Know what libraries are used today
- Create a mental map of problem and solution space
- Know the basic math behind the most fundamental techniques
- Complete some number of Kaggle challenges for practical/real world skills

## Write better code and become more employable through Scala
- Build an example app in Scala
- Use Scala more in future projects

This is kinda hard as my current development speed with Typescript is magnitudes faster than Scala.
So it would only make sense to start using it on time insensitive projects.

## Tinker with embedded devices
- Probably will be some combination of Rust/Arduino or some microkernel
- Building my own drone flight controller could be interesting, maybe not the place to start though. 


## Use a piano in any setting and be able to play a handful of songs
- 5 songs that I like
- Abilitiy to learn new songs and use playing an instrument as an activity alternative to coding etc.

## Develop my business idea
- hiring pipeline as a service
- hiring infrastructure/pipelines are fundamentally broken in comapnies of any scale
- leveraging video applications, cv parsing, instant feedback and modern crm features to make live better for bot sides
- ultimately leading to better canditates in less time
 
